docs: init docusaurus, add sample pages (#20)
microsoft/griffel: apps/docs/docs/react/install.mdx

> ---

Author: `apps/docs/docs/react/install.mdx` double "docs" in path does not sound nice. May be rename the project to `site`?

Reviewer: `docsite` ?

sidebar_position: 1
---

import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

# Install

> By default Griffel contains only runtime version, it's enough to install it and it works:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default Griffel is a runtime css-in-js engine, you can simply install and use it in code directly:
```

This might be worded a bit clearer ?
